[Serverless] Manual rule run docs (#5589)
elastic/security-docs: docs/serverless/rules/rules-ui-management.mdx

    * To enable or disable a single rule, switch on the rule's **Enabled** toggle.
    * To <DocLink slug="/serverless/security/rules-ui-management" section="snooze-rule-actions">snooze</DocLink> actions for rules, click the bell icon.

<div id="manually-run-rules"></div>

> ## Manually run rules

Reviewer: Start the heading with the active verb?

```suggestion
## Run rules manually
```

<DocBadge template="technical preview" />

> Manually run enabled rules during a specfied time range. 

Reviewer: Extra use case context in intro?

Author: Possible revision:

```suggestion
Manually run enabled rules for a specfied period of time for testing purposes or additional rule coverage. 
```

1. Go to **Rules** -> **Detection rules (SIEM)**.
1. Do one of the following:

>     * Select the **All actions** menu (**...**) on a rule, then select **Manual run**.
>     * Select a rule to open its details page, select the **All actions** menu, then select **Manual run**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Select the **All actions** menu on a rule (**...** → **All actions** in the rules list), then select **Manual run**.
```

    * Select all the rules you want to manually run, select the **Bulk actions** menu, then select **Manual run**.
1. Specify a time range for the manual run. By default, the time range is set to the current day and three hours in the past.
1. Click **Run** to manually run the rule.

> The manual run's details are recorded in the <DocLink slug="/serverless/security/alerts-ui-monitor" section="manual-runs-table">Manual runs</DocLink> table on the the **Execution results** tab.  

Author: @approksiu addressed at https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/5589/files#r1773469871.

    * To enable or disable a single rule, switch on the rule's **Enabled** toggle.
    * To <DocLink slug="/serverless/security/rules-ui-management" section="snooze-rule-actions">snooze</DocLink> actions for rules, click the bell icon.

<div id="manually-run-rules"></div>

## Run rules manually

<DocBadge template="technical preview" />

Manually run enabled rules for a specfied period of time for testing purposes or additional rule coverage.

<DocCallOut title="Important" color="warning">
Before manually running rules, make sure you properly understand and plan for rule dependencies. Incorrect scheduling can lead to inconsistent rule results.
</DocCallOut>

1. Go to **Rules** -> **Detection rules (SIEM)**.
1. Do one of the following:
    * Select the **All actions** menu on a rule (**...** → **All actions** in the rules list), then select **Manual run**.
    * Select all the rules you want to manually run, select the **Bulk actions** menu, then select **Manual run**.
1. Specify when the manual run starts and ends. The default selection is the current day starting three hours in the past. The rule will search for events during the selected time range.

> 1. Click **Run** to manually run the rule.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click **Run** to manually run the rule.
<DocCallOut title="Note">
Running the rule manually can produce multiple rule executions. This is determined by the manual run's time range and the rule's execution schedule.
</DocCallOut>
```

> The manual run's details are shown in the <DocLink slug="/serverless/security/alerts-ui-monitor" section="manual-runs-table">Manual runs</DocLink> table on the **Execution results** tab. Changes you make to the manual run or rule settings will display in the Manual runs table after the current run completes.

Author: ```suggestion
The manual run's details are shown in the <DocLink slug="/serverless/security/alerts-ui-monitor" section="manual-runs-table">Manual runs</DocLink> table on the **Execution results** tab. 

The manual run might trigger multiple rule executions. This is determined by the time range you selected for the manual run and the rule's execution schedule. Changes that you make to the manual run or rule settings are displayed in the Manual runs table after the current run completes.
```

> The manual run's details are recorded in the <DocLink slug="/serverless/security/alerts-ui-monitor" section="manual-runs-table">Manual runs</DocLink> table on the **Execution results** tab. Changes you make to the manual run or rule settings will display in the Manual runs table after the current run completes.

Reviewer 2: I suggest to say instead of "The manual run's details are recorded in the" -> "The current manual run's details are shown in the"

Author: ```suggestion
The manual run's details are shown in the <DocLink slug="/serverless/security/alerts-ui-monitor" section="manual-runs-table">Manual runs</DocLink> table on the **Execution results** tab. Changes you make to the manual run or rule settings will display in the Manual runs table after the current run completes.
```

Author: Added to ESS docs via https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/5631/files#r1773603827.

<DocCallOut title="Note">

> Manual runs are executed with low priority and limited concurrency, meaning they might take longer to complete. This can be especially apparent for rules requiring multiple executions.

Author: @approksiu how's this:

```suggestion
Note the following:
* Rules actions are not activated during manual runs. 
* Duplicate alerts are not created if a rule is manually run during a time range that was already covered by a scheduled run.
* Manual runs are executed with low priority and limited concurrency, meaning they might take longer to complete. This can be especially apparent for rules requiring multiple executions.
```

    * To enable or disable a single rule, switch on the rule's **Enabled** toggle.
    * To <DocLink slug="/serverless/security/rules-ui-management" section="snooze-rule-actions">snooze</DocLink> actions for rules, click the bell icon.

<div id="manually-run-rules"></div>

## Run rules manually

<DocBadge template="technical preview" />

Manually run enabled rules for a specfied period of time for testing purposes or additional rule coverage.

<DocCallOut title="Important" color="warning">
Before manually running rules, make sure you properly understand and plan for rule dependencies. Incorrect scheduling can lead to inconsistent rule results.
</DocCallOut>

> 1. Go to **Rules** -> **Detection rules (SIEM)**.
> 1. Do one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the detection rules page, and do one of the following:
```

    * Select the **All actions** menu (<DocIcon type="boxesHorizontal" title="Actions menu" size="m" />) on a rule, then select **Manual run**.
    * Select all the rules you want to manually run, select the **Bulk actions** menu, then select **Manual run**.
1. Specify when the manual run starts and ends. The default selection is the current day starting three hours in the past. The rule will search for events during the selected time range.
1. Click **Run** to manually run the rule.
   <DocCallOut title="Note">
   Manual runs can produce multiple rule executions. This is determined by the manual run's time range and the rule's execution schedule.
   </DocCallOut>

The manual run's details are shown in the <DocLink slug="/serverless/security/alerts-ui-monitor" section="manual-runs-table">Manual runs</DocLink> table on the **Execution results** tab. Changes you make to the manual run or rule settings will display in the Manual runs table after the current run completes.

<DocCallOut title="Note">
Be mindful of the following:

> * Rules actions are not activated during manual runs. 

Reviewer: We call them "rule actions" [elsewhere](https://elastic-dot-co-docs-production-12rpxe8p2-elastic-dev.vercel.app/current/serverless/security/rules-create#set-up-rule-actions-optional):
```suggestion
* Rule actions are not activated during manual runs. 
```

> * Except for threshold rules, duplicate alerts are not created if a rule is manually run during a time range that was already covered by a scheduled run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Except for threshold rules, duplicate alerts aren't created if you manually run a rule during a time range that was already covered by a scheduled run.
```
